docs: mention environment manifest as the way to import certificates (#4709)
aws/copilot-cli: site/content/docs/developing/domain.en.md

In Copilot, there are two ways to use custom domains for your Load Balanced Web Service:

1. Use `--domain` when creating an application to associate a Route 53 domain in the same account.

> 2. Use the [`http.[public/private].certificates`](../manifest/environment.en.md#http-public-certificates) field in environment manifest to import your validated ACM certificates into the environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Use the [`http.[public/private].certificates`](../manifest/environment.en.md#http-public-certificates) field in an environment manifest to import your validated ACM certificates into the environment.
```

<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/Oyr-n59mVjI" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

### Use domain in your existing validated certificates
If you'd like more granular control over the generated ACM certificate, or if the [default `alias` options](#customized-domain-alias) aren't flexible enough,

> you can import to your environments validated ACM certificates that include the alias.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you can import a validated ACM certificate that includes the alias to your environment.
```

Author: you can import multiple certificates, so I addressed the fb but used plural instead "you can import validated ACM certificates that include the alias to your environment."
